{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red211\green24\blue149;\red35\green255\blue131;\red0\green160\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c82800\c9500\c58300;\csgenericrgb\c13700\c100000\c51200;\csgenericrgb\c0\c62600\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 02/26/2020:\
\
This is a copy of the Treads project from the instructor.\
\
To get it to run, I did a clean build folder from xcode Product Menu.\
THen updated the pod and reinstalled the cocoa Realm Pod - due to issues.\
\
I downgraded the pod to Realm 3.2 from 3.74 and the app work.\
\
The app still has a bug whereby when a run is first completed, it does NOT show up on the Log View.  This occurs in both my version of TriniRun and this version.\
\
\
\
03/6/2020\
Resumed after a break.  Trying to resolve why the Log file does not update in the Veiw initiall when the first run is created.\
I am able to clean out all previous Realm data by deleting everything from : \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 /Users/joseph/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Devices/CFF2F881-3073-4E0D-AA40-EA5829F204F0/data/Containers/Data/Application folder and rerunning\
\
\
Unable to get the first run to show in the Log.\
\
The data is in the Realm DB but need to find a way to force it to be loaded initially.\
See where the Log VC has its initializer.\
Maybe need to add the database call in the ViewDidLoad initially.\
\
\
03/09/2020\
\
Review this very important article on creating a database manager class to manage insert, update, edit, delete etc. on Realm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://insights.nimblechapps.com/app-development/ios-app-development/using-realm-mobile-database-with-swift-4-0-insert-update-delete-list"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \CocoaLigature1 https://insights.nimblechapps.com/app-development/ios-app-development/using-realm-mobile-database-with-swift-4-0-insert-update-delete-list}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
***************************\
\
\
Still unable to get initial run to load in the log VC.  I initially get this warning.  learn to use the debugger as suggested to see why this warning occurs initially.  Does not happen if I reload the simulator.\
\
SEE THIS TO FIX THE TABLEVIEW WARNING BELOW: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57897288/uitableviewalertforlayoutoutsideviewhierarchy-error-warning-once-only-ios-13-g"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \CocoaLigature1 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57897288/uitableviewalertforlayoutoutsideviewhierarchy-error-warning-once-only-ios-13-g}}\
\
"************
\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature1 2020-03-09 07:47:00.861707-0400 Treads[11607:529629] [TableView] Warning once only: UITableView was told to layout its visible cells and other contents without being in the view hierarchy (the table view or one of its superviews has not been added to a window). This may cause bugs by forcing views inside the table view to load and perform layout without accurate information (e.g. table view bounds, trait collection, layout margins, safe area insets, etc), and will also cause unnecessary performance overhead due to extra layout passes. Make a symbolic breakpoint at UITableViewAlertForLayoutOutsideViewHierarchy to catch this in the debugger and see what caused this to occur, so you can avoid this action altogether if possible, or defer it until the table view has been added to a window. Table view: <UITableView: 0x7fe6a9809000; frame = (0 38; 375 629); clipsToBounds = YES; autoresize = RM+BM; gestureRecognizers = <NSArray: 0x6000001ff870>; layer = <CALayer: 0x600000e6a240>; contentOffset: \{0, 0\}; contentSize: \{375, 0\}; adjustedContentInset: \{0, 0, 0, 0\}; dataSource: <Treads.RunLogVC: 0x7fe6a7d0be20>>\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
file:///Users/joseph/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Devices/CFF2F881-3073-4E0D-AA40-EA5829F204F0/data/Containers/Data/Application/D5631EE1-F12E-4A0E-8A34-166C183573B4/Documents/default.realm
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0 *******************"\
\
\
Will ignore the above for now as might be a simulator bug.\
\
\
\
See other notes above.  Resolve @objc warnings by removing and replacing the deprecated methods being referenced.\
\
Removed app from my iphone and reloaded and the app found my location this time.  Will test on the road.\
\
03/10/2020\
\
Consider adding default values in the LogCell and also creating a function to get the database data which can be called as needed including initially in viewDidLoad and the VC's delegates methods.\
\
Remeber I have a link to some very good code to add a database manager class.\
\
Decided to debug by clear the db and observe data. It looks like initially when the first run is created, there is an error adding the first run as follows:\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature1 In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"\
In ViewWillAppear in RunLogicVC\
In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"\
"Error adding run to realm!"\
\
\
\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
If I continue adding runs during initial first run of the App, there is an error adding data to Realm and no data is found.\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature1 In ViewWillAppear in RunLogicVC\
In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"\
"Error adding run to realm!"\
In ViewWillAppear in RunLogicVC\
In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"\
In ViewWillAppear in RunLogicVC\
In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"\
"Error adding run to realm!"\
In ViewWillAppear in RunLogicVC\
In Get All Runs in Run.swift model\
"No data found in realm db"
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
\
So there is definitely a bug in storing initial data in the DB.  Work to resolve this before assuming there is a Vew issue\
\
\
3/13/2020:  No progress resolving data not showing as expected.  Review good web sites on ViewController life cycles.  Reached out to the instructor on FB.\
            added print statements to track view flow \
\
\
3/16/2020: No progress on above prior run time issues.  Successfully migrated to Swift 5 with no result/output change.  Continue testing. \
			NEED to resolve the @objective issues - see if this helps.\
\
\
\
\
3/19/2020: Completed updated the whole project: Updated to Realm 4.3.2, Updated Cocoapods, Reinstall Realmswift,\
\
Made some minor progress: ViewDidLoad in RunLogVC now appears to load.  There are lots of storyboard constraints to resolve.  xcode may have screwed up the prior formatting.  Still getting the initial table view hierarcy initial warning.  See if resolving the constraints will resolve this.\
\
The counter is not stopping even after the run is stopped.  However, the initial pause will stop the counter.  See how pause is different from Stop. \
\
I have changed the \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature1 numberOfRowsInSection\cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0  delegate tableview code to set a default on 1 Row but does not appear to solve the inital view - no data in RunLogVC still.  See if cellforRowAt indexpath will help with a default Cell\
\
\
\
IMPORTANT: Added in RunLogVC viewWillAppear \cf4 \cb5 \CocoaLigature1         \cf6 self\cf4 .\cf7 tableView\cf4 .\cf8 reloadData\cf4 ()    \
\cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0            This solved the initial run NOT showing up in the LogVC.  \
\
Observed the issue whereby there are multiple rows of the same data or run - looks like duplicated of the same data.\
See if reloaddata is causing this.  \
\
Consider clearing the table and reloading from db each time\
\
\
LATE: NOTE - it looks like the default.realm is being deleted randomly or somewhere in the code. Not sure where or why.\
review the code to see where it is created and what methods exist to track it.\
\
Also insert some code to copy the defaul.realm to some other location like my home dir 'before' it gets deleted.\
\
\
\
\
3/22/2020:  Had lots of issues saving data to Realm.  Turned out the problem was Realm appeared to have been corrupted.  I renamed the Pod folders and workspace and reinstall the RealmSwift pods\
and system returned to normal. Now able to save data to realm.  Resume debugging the realm data issues. \
\
NEXT: Create a regular END RUN BUTTON then disable the END RUN Swipe feature.  I am concerned the swipe action may be duplicating the data.\
Resolve any constraint issues.\
\
Test the app on iphone7.\
\
So far still unable to generate a default.realm file\
\
3/23/2020: Added new RUN button successfully.  Log is updating correctly; however, when the current ends, it is not showing right away - it shows only after viewing in the log then returning to the home screen.\
\
Consider: when END is pressed and dismisses the CurrentRunVC, need to reload the last run into the Home VC - so see how this is done when dismissing the LogVC\
\
\
\
3/24/2020: See if it the View that shows the last run as an overlay on the mapview that is the cause of the initial warning that a View
\f3\b\fs24 \cf5 \cb4 \CocoaLigature1 UITableView was told to layout its visible cells and other... Warning
\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0 .  This warning may be related to the View overlay of last run not showing initially.  I noticed after a clean build, the view overlay for last run flashes briefly.\
Pause trying to force the refresh after first run issue and resolve the Waring about the layout issue for UITableView.\
\
\
I also verified the overlay View flashed then disappears and also the current location is not valid and zoomed in.  Resolve all of these before attempting to resolve any other issues.\
\
\
\
\
\
}